Vincente wing is here after securing 1st
place on TSM I guess some people call
you by Oh prostrate yeah most people
call me bile for us really in like the
world oh yeah somebody just shut up bio
daddy is that a thing
mmm actually yeah most people would call
me call me that when I'm around the
studio
I almost wish you had said it if you
said it that could have been the
headline for this interview most people
call me bio daddy that one great yeah I
did that on purpose
dodging it people are getting smart and
smart I wrapped these clips all right so
did you know all along that you guys are
getting up at first place at the end of
summer well no but there's a script of
course and yeah we have to usually go by
the script and it did say we're going to
end up first but where I had to make it
really intense so it didn't really look
like we're going to take first until
that very last moment speaking of first
the last time I interviewed Hunter he
said we're definitely going to Boston
we're definitely getting first place see
there or whatever see you in Boston so
given that statement you know how it
would you feel I feel like that's not
the type of statement you would make but
do you agree with it yeah
han-soo is very outspoken and confident
and that's why he gave an answer like
that and I think for the rest of us
we're all like wanting to achieve first
but even though we might not say it we
all really hard-working to get that
place and yeah it means a lot that we
were able to get it today yeah so you
can posture he literally just walked
through the planter that's just that's
just rude all right so you got first in
the summer and now you're going to go
off to playoffs and you're going to try
and get first in the summer playoffs
what do you think about Dignitas because
I just talked to a cop today he seems
very confident in them they seem to be
maybe even getting better every week
this seems like the patch is doing well
for them how do you consider them as an
opponent they they're like really
calculated in their plays and they have
like a set playbook that they go by and
honestly they're probably one of the
really strong playoffs teams even though
they had a roster stop in the middle of
the season and ever since the roster
SWAT they've looked a lot better
and yeah they're definitely a formidable
team I'm moving on we were talking about
this right before the video I did a show
called League League Lee and Mark Z of
the analyst desk and also the show
League Weekly said that he was concerned
about you having a limited support champ
poll in response when this video went
out a lot of people very much disagreed
with him and you told me that a lot of
people message this video to you I don't
know why maybe they're starting trying
to start drama
but you know I'll perpetuate the drama
and ask you directly what do you think
of his assessment of your champion pool
ah I think it was conocer because in the
match that he brought it up I played
like mainly arrange sports even though
after the game I did say in the
interview that we were just testing them
out and I think in that situation a lot
of supports were banned so a situation
for those ranged sports came up and
normally we wouldn't see those champions
played because there's a lot of counters
to them and today in the match against
CLG yeah you saw me play Brown both
games because it's good in the matchups
that we're playing them in and I think
right now at least for this support
champion pool there's so many supports
that you can play and it just requires
you to have a lot of counter picks for a
lot of different scenarios and I think
Nami is a fine pick into karma because
it's a counter pick and yeah it just
requires you to have a lot of like
things at your pocket because like you
see the Morgana you see the bars I might
have not pulled that out but who knows I
might pull them out right all right so
I'm trying to cite you said you feel
like it's a fair assessment but then I
feel like you're also saying it's not a
fair assessment because if you look at
all these examples that make sense as
I'm picking these I think it's just I
see his point because from this
standpoint it's like okay why are you
picking these supports I don't know why
you're taking these sports a lot of
other people are also playing Lulu and
karma and they're just picking in the
situations that are good for them but I
did pick Nami and I thought the
situation for Nami was good she's always
been a counter pick to karma and yeah it
might have not looked very impactful
that game because she's a very lane
Dominic ampion and we had a gank that
went wrong early so that kind of put us
far back
and you know her most of her strengths
come from laning and we weren't really
able to showcase on yeah alright so not
you don't have a small chapel is that
how it's going at the end here I pretty
much only play one champion a champion
is that yeah all right all right all
right other than that that was a really
weird series you can seal day especially
at last game there's a lot of
back-and-forth inhibitors taking on both
sides you know how do you feel about the
strengths of TSM after that game let's
put it that way it's the strength of TSM
uh well the game was super long and it
was really dragged out there's a lot of
moments where we could have closed out
the game really easily but I think both
sides made a lot of mistakes being as a
really important match for us obviously
there's ramps of pressure and because of
that pressure you can you're prone to
make a lot more mistakes and because of
that it was a 50 minute game much more
my ordeal because I had to go to the
bathroom really badly but yet I think
we've haven't played the most clean and
cleanly in the past couple of weeks
because of like various reasons but
hopefully in the playoffs patch we're
going to be able to assess what is good
and what are our strengths because we
have had a split to really look at what
fits our style and we'll be ready
fair enough and if you make it to the
finals in Boston I'll just say you will
who's going to be playing against you
I'm just gonna say c9 okay they've every
split regardless well in the past splits
that I've been playing in regardless of
their regular seasons that may be always
seem to emerge into the finals and even
though immortals have had a really good
regular split they've had regular splits
which are really dominant before like in
the past year and the hiatus fell short
of course different rosters but I'm
still rooting it on c9 taking into
finals we're good but anything you want
to say to any other TSM fans
thank you for supporting us ah
hopefully in playoffs we could make you
guys proud and we might have some cheese
pigs cheese picks yeah okay I mean it's
it's like three weeks away for you
yeah but we're preparing a couple of
takes like the new patch right sixteen
will be able to I think so there's going
to be some changes but not too many I
think well I'm excited for this did
parth tell you to say that they were
cheese pics is this all part of a mind
game you're going to play super standard
but you're going to freak out your
opponent's Walden did tell us to have
mind games ready there we go well thank
you so much my press for the interview
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
League of Legends eSports and more here
on my youtube channel everyone I want to
thank you for subscribing it to my
channel what you haven't subscribed yet
oh that's Han sir alright well anyway if
you haven't subscribed you should
definitely do that otherwise Han sir
will attack you and also feel for you to
support me over at traffic AFRICOM slash
support